Add ThreatIntelWhitelist to AzFirewall commands (#10390)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Network/Network/help/New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.Network.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Network
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/az.network/new-azfirewallthreatintelwhitelist
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist

## SYNOPSIS
Create a new threat intelligence whitelist for Azure Firewall

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist [-FQDN <String[]>] [-IpAddress <String[]>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist** cmdlet creates a threat intel whitelist for Azure Firewall.

Reviewer: Let's make it clear what this cmelet does
```suggestion
The **New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist** cmdlet creates a threat intel whitelist object, which can be used when creating or setting an Azure Firewall.
```

Author: changed

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> New-AzFirewallThreatIntelWhitelist -IpAddress @("2.2.2.2", "3.3.3.3") -FQDN @("bing.com", "yammer.com")
```

This example creates a threat intel whitelist containing a FQDN whitelist of two entries and an Ip address whitelist of two entries

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FQDN
The FQDNs of the Threat Intel Whitelist

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -IpAddress
The IP Addresses of the Threat Intel Whitelist

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

> ### -Confirm

Reviewer: After you remove `SupportsShouldProcess = true` and re-generate the doc. `-Confirm` and `-WhatIf` should be gone
